Grooming-20260511_083449-Meeting Recording
May 11, 2026, 12:34PM
53m 11s

Prasad Kadrikar started transcription

Sai Kumar Badapatla   0:03
2.4 mobile apps.

Prasad Kadrikar   0:07
So if there is an update, we are redirecting to the mobile app, right? So...

Sai Kumar Badapatla   0:09
M.
Hmm.

Prasad Kadrikar   0:13
Isn't that possible?
So.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   0:16
It's not possible, the current one on the Prasad. If we update one more on the...

Prasad Kadrikar   0:20
No, no, check it out. There are two things. There are two things. OK, one is on the redirection. OK, so redirection to the mobile app store itself. What it does is the system will the system will show a message.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   0:27
Hmm, hmm.
M.
Oops.

Prasad Kadrikar   0:40
that because based on the version, right? The version it doesn't match and it asks you to take to the App Store and then in the App Store it takes to the current store itself, right? Okay, now there is a second piece of it. When you log in, after login, we show a message along with a button.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   0:42
Yes.
Hmm.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   1:01
Okay, we show a message along with the button. So check out that feature. So after login, again, this is not before login. I understand before login, we only redirect to the appropriate mobile app, right? But for the after login itself, we need to, we have other different method.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   1:10
Hmm.
Yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   1:24
Okay.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   1:24
Okay, okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   1:25
So check it out. So I know for sure it is, it shows a pop-up and it shows a message, but I don't know if it automatically redirects. If it is not right, then let's make a change. And then when we say the update, it will redirect to the appropriate link.

Usha Rani Gajula   1:26
We should have.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   1:40
Thanks.

Prasad Kadrikar   1:46
So I think that's the first, let's see if it is possible without the release. If it is not, then we'll have to release a mobile app, let everyone, let everyone, yeah, update it and then we'll redirect them.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   1:46
Ohh.
Mm.
Updating.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   2:02
Okay, because anyways, if people don't update the latest one, we are redirecting them to update the mobile app. So that will force everyone to get to the new mobile app. And then after that, it will move.

Sai Kumar Badapatla   2:14
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   2:15
Okay.

Naresh Godera   2:32
Session.

Vaishnavi Kommu   2:46
Prasad regarding pay codes.

Prasad Kadrikar   2:49
Okay.

Vaishnavi Kommu   2:50
Regarding pay stub pay quotes.

Prasad Kadrikar   2:54
Right, so what about it? Yeah, so this one we are, yeah, so this is the same, right? There could be a few other extra things that we added in the 2.2 as well.

Vaishnavi Kommu   3:04
Yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   3:05
So we need to check that. I would recommend to even get it from the stored procedure only, rather than even getting it here, because there are two portions of it. One is showing on the screen, and then the second thing is a crystal report. Unfortunately, we cannot get away with the crystal report because that's what we use to print it.
Right, so it has to match with whatever the old one is and then I would recommend get it from the get it from the front end itself. See, you see that object paste up dot description. So it is coming from the description only, but for whatever reason, again, we are checking.

Vaishnavi Kommu   3:25
Okay.
The.
Yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   3:45
Okay, so there are two things, maybe we can just comment this, just show it, get the whole thing in the description only, directly.
Okay, by that what I need.

Vaishnavi Kommu   3:55
But, but in last.
But in last call you have showed these pay codes, but in controller we are using this also. Which should I consider?

Prasad Kadrikar   4:08
First thing is from the old one, see if there are any missing.
Okay, so in the old one, old one, we have some of them, right?

Vaishnavi Kommu   4:16
Okay.
I split.

Prasad Kadrikar   4:21
Okay, so if there are some things over there and it should be, make sure add it here. That's the first one. Find out which are missing.

Vaishnavi Kommu   4:35
Okay, Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   4:36
Okay, then second, comment this piece of code and take the logic and put it in the stored procedure.

Vaishnavi Kommu   4:44
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   4:45
Okay, first step is identify whatever the information that is there in the old one, old controller. If anything is missing, bring it, put it here. Okay? Because the advanced ADB, NYD, those all things, I don't think it is there. So whatever that are there.

Vaishnavi Kommu   4:56
Okay.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   5:04
get that info, get whatever is missing and put it into the control, into the new one. That is step one. And then later step two, take out this piece of code, which is in the controller. Yeah, this one, and then put it into a stored procedure. In the stored procedure, right now we are returning temp over dist, bonus, bonus and all those things, right?

Vaishnavi Kommu   5:19
It.

Prasad Kadrikar   5:25
So, instead of returning the codes, return the whole thing.

Vaishnavi Kommu   5:31
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   5:32
Okay, return everything directly from the stored procedure. So instead of returning temp, description would return regular hours, overtime hours, distributions like that.

Vaishnavi Kommu   5:43
But.

Prasad Kadrikar   5:45
OK, so that way we are not.
Yeah, we are not worried about what is what.

Vaishnavi Kommu   5:53
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   5:53
If there is a change that is needed, we'll modify the procedure and then that's it. It'll take care of everything.

Vaishnavi Kommu   6:00
Of the Prasad.

Naresh Godera   6:10
And the existing, like the same example Prasad, like the bonus, we are adding in the reason for order. So the existing orders are created with the pay codes, like order status, we want to like.

Prasad Kadrikar   6:16
Okay.
No, no, the pay codes, it's going to come in directly. You don't have to worry about it. It's an integration system change and I'll ask Rajesh to work on it. Okay.

Naresh Godera   6:31
B.
But orders, the orders are previously created with the bonus order and temp to hire temp bonus and referral bonus right the both. So the order status we have and now we want to change it to like a this reason for order right? The reason for order the type also we want to update it for.

Prasad Kadrikar   6:41
Correct.

Naresh Godera   6:52
The existing records, correct?
The.

Prasad Kadrikar   6:57
Right, reason for order also. So you create, there is a reason for order. We're going to create new one as part of the data migration. If an order is bonus, then reason for order will also be bonus.

Naresh Godera   7:02
Right, right.
Yes.
Right, so do I need to consider for both are as a bonus like?

Prasad Kadrikar   7:11
Okay.

Naresh Godera   7:16
Right now we have two, right? One is the referral bonus and the 10 bonus.

Prasad Kadrikar   7:18
Correct, that's all temp bonus and bonus. Let's consider it as bonus. There is temp bonus as well. I think there's only one.

Naresh Godera   7:24
Go and send it.
Yeah, Prasad, we have we have both of two bonuses, one is a 10 bonus and plus we want the Rajesh Chandran reservation, so 10 bonus and a refund bonus, so there are others are created with this.

Prasad Kadrikar   7:39
Right, referral bonus, forget it. Referral bonus, don't worry about it. So for the referral bonus, once the change is done, we will update it to...

Naresh Godera   7:43
Okay.
P.

Prasad Kadrikar   7:53
We'll update to bonus only.

Naresh Godera   7:55
Yeah, different bonus there are seats fifty-six.

Prasad Kadrikar   7:58
656, right? So yeah, for the referral bonus, what we'll do is, and I believe a lot of them are test as well. So for the referral bonus, you change the status to bonus. Order status will be bonus. And then order reason will be, order reason will be referral bonus.

Naresh Godera   7:59
Yep.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Once.
Yeah.
But we added only bonus on the like a reason, right? So do I need to add it both?

Prasad Kadrikar   8:22
Correct, we'll add it. It's a, yeah, yeah, so there is, there are, we will, we will add more. First is, we'll have to add.

Naresh Godera   8:28
Okay. As of now, I will add both 10 bonus and referral bonus under the. Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   8:31
Correct. Temp bonus, referral bonus, premium pay, premium pay, pay adjustment, bill adjustment. These are the five options.

Naresh Godera   8:35
The adjustment.
P.
See.
Okay, okay, please.

Prasad Kadrikar   8:43
Premium pay, bill, pay adjustment. Again, this should be pretty simple. We should be able to add more. Okay, right. So let's go ahead and make those changes. Put it in the step one. What I would do is instead of even make the code change, if possible, maybe because I need some of the data.

Naresh Godera   8:46
Yeah, yeah, we can agree, yes, yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   9:04
Some of the data in the production, so you can you can make the code change and then the drop-down change.

Naresh Godera   9:13
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   9:15
Because I need, so when are we anticipating this to be done?

Naresh Godera   9:19
The changes already given for testing Prasad. The only thing is the few things are left. Like last time you asked me to add the file upload, right? So that is missing while viewing the code and not this one. We will add the file upload.

Prasad Kadrikar   9:21
Okay.
Correct, so...
Okay, so one, hang on, hang on. So first thing is we need to, there is supposed to be a two-step process. First is let's deploy only the dropdown changes. That is.

Naresh Godera   9:46
When bonus is selected, we need to show the dropdown. That is what you are asking.

Prasad Kadrikar   9:50
Yeah, because the premium pay and all those things, we don't need it yet.

Naresh Godera   9:55
OKOK.
Right.

Prasad Kadrikar   10:06
Right? So, because we have to make changes in the integration system, I don't, like, I need the front-end changes to be done first. Right? So, what I would do is put the front-end changes into the production.

Naresh Godera   10:07
P.
I.
OK.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   10:20
Okay, put the front end changes into the production and don't add the other options. We don't add the premium pay, pay adjustment and bill adjustment, not yet.

Naresh Godera   10:33
Okay, so okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   10:34
Okay, so the order reason will show and in the order reason, it will only show temp bonus. Referral bonus will still be there and we are not going to make any changes for the referral bonus.
Okay.

Naresh Godera   10:48
Oh, sorry, here I'm confusing. Yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   10:50
Order status, order status will right now still stay the same. Temp bonus will be there. Referral bonus will be there.

Naresh Godera   10:58
Okay, okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   11:00
Okay, because temp bonus and the referral bonus are already there. You don't have to make like the, it's one additional step. When the user creates a temp bonus order, they have to select temp bonus and then they also have to select the bonus option.

Naresh Godera   11:04
P.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   11:18
Right, or, or you can...

Naresh Godera   11:21
But right now, we added the new status called bonus, I mean bonus order, I think bonus order, so then only this.

Prasad Kadrikar   11:23
Mhm.
No, no, temp order is the status order status, rename, rename, rename the current bonus to temp order.

Naresh Godera   11:30
Ohh, sorry, sorry, sorry, yeah.
Better, yeah, yes, yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   11:38
Right, so you keep the rename, rename the rename the bonus as a temp order, and then they in the statuses in the order reason for order, there will be only one value, there will be only one value which is temp bonus.

Naresh Godera   11:44
B.
Within for order, we actually.
Do.
Tim once, OK.

Prasad Kadrikar   11:56
Okay, because the temp bonus will be there. Then once the, so the temp bonus will be there. The user, whenever they are selecting, they'll pick up the temp order and then they'll pick up the bonus, temp bonus as an option.

Naresh Godera   12:10
Right.

Prasad Kadrikar   12:11
Okay, now once these changes are in production, I'll ask Rajesh to make the changes in the backend, in the great integration system. So in the integration system, Rajesh will go ahead and make the adjustment and he'll pull the reason for order. And then based on the reason for order, he'll appropriately send the pay codes.

Naresh Godera   12:20
Okay.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   12:30
Okay.

Naresh Godera   12:30
So, will I keep this referral bonus for now, and only I need to replace the temple bonus?

Prasad Kadrikar   12:35
Right, referral bonus also, you can keep it as is. Referral bonus also, you can keep it as is. And I think the referral bonus is added based on the, the referral bonus also is added based on the, what I call the.

Naresh Godera   12:40
Please.

Prasad Kadrikar   12:51
Referral bonus is also added based on the automation only. I don't think there is any manual ones. We can double check my theory, but mostly referral bonus, they are only test orders. So that too, let's not make any changes. The only change that we are making is the reason for order will show for, the reason for order will only show to the.

Naresh Godera   12:58
Okay, sure, sure.
You.

Prasad Kadrikar   13:13
Tim, so right now we can showing.

Naresh Godera   13:14
10 bonus earlier we have a 10 bonus and that we will replace with the 10 border and based on the selection we'll show the reason for order and reason order should have only 10 bonus and we'll remove this 10 bonus and only we'll keep the referral bonus which stay as it is and in future once we confirm we'll add the bill adjustment to an adjustment already.

Prasad Kadrikar   13:21
Sure.
Yes.
Correct. We'll add a bill pay adjustment and also hide the referral bonus. So the referral bonus also, it's going to be a database change, right? Referral bonus also is active equal to is use or something we have it column. So we'll set it as zero. We will move all the records to say bonus and then have a status reason for order as a.

Naresh Godera   13:41
S.
Yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   13:54
Referableness.

Naresh Godera   13:55
Yes, sure, sure.

Prasad Kadrikar   13:57
OK, so then then it's going to be a quick database change, and then this all will go into production.

Naresh Godera   14:03
And this file upload, and when we have the time sheets, we should not change the.
Reason for order that is only left, actually, so here we will be.

Prasad Kadrikar   14:12
OK, yeah, go ahead and make those changes, too, because they are the reason for order, we should not allow it.
This 14th we will have that and the following month, like the following week, I think the next deployment will be on 28th. As part of the 28th deployment, we will make the other database changes.

Naresh Godera   14:32
Oh, good.

Usha Rani Gajula   14:33
But, sir, the functionality is same, right, for temp order and temp order.

Naresh Godera   14:37
It.

Prasad Kadrikar   14:38
Correct. So the functionality, we are not releasing the extra features. That is premium pay, we are not releasing it yet. We are not merging referral bonus to temp into the temp order yet. And then we are not showing the pay adjustment and bill adjustment in the dropdown.

Naresh Godera   14:39
I.

Usha Rani Gajula   14:39
Yeah, yeah.

Naresh Godera   14:41
You.

Prasad Kadrikar   14:59
In the for the reason for all.

Naresh Godera   15:00
Yes, yes.

Usha Rani Gajula   15:03
OK, so, and also mandatory.

Prasad Kadrikar   15:06
You test it, like you test it all through, but what we will do is we will not enable it in production. So in production, if you see, the status, order status will be temp order, and the reason for order will be bonus. That's it. We don't see any other.

Naresh Godera   15:24
Ten bonus.

Usha Rani Gajula   15:25
This one.
OK, Prasad.

Naresh Godera   15:28
And this is recorder whenever when you selected the temp border, the reason for router should be selected. I mean, these are the record items, yes.

Usha Rani Gajula   15:29
The.

Prasad Kadrikar   15:34
That's.
Yes, they're required.

Naresh Godera   15:40
And file upload is an option. File upload is an option. And when we have the time sheets, open time sheets, they should not change the reset router.

Usha Rani Gajula   15:41
OK, please.

Prasad Kadrikar   15:50
Correct.

Naresh Godera   15:55
Do you have any questions, Susha?

Prasad Kadrikar   15:57
No, no reason for order. Once they create the order, if it is a temp bonus or the bonus pay, they cannot change it.

Naresh Godera   16:07
Yeah, I think you mentioned like if we have time sheets, we should not change. Is that not the case?

Prasad Kadrikar   16:13
Okay, that's fine. That's fine if you have implemented.

Naresh Godera   16:15
I mean, we did not start at this one. These are two left. So if that is a case, like we can.
These are the two, so if you wanted to change the logic also, we will add, so...

Prasad Kadrikar   16:24
Okay, that's fine. Keep it the way as we discussed, because if an order is created, they accidentally create it as a temp bonus or something, and then they want to change it to referral bonus. But I mean, anyways, it will be automatically created, right? When a temp bonus is created, when a referral bonus is created, one hour time sheet will be created automatically.

Naresh Godera   16:27
Of.
Yes.
Yeah, that is the same meaning. So, once the time sheet is created, and they can't change, I mean, once the order is created, the time sheet will be automatically created, so they can't change the they can't change the address for us. Yeah, both are still, yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   16:50
So they cannot.
Correct.

Usha Rani Gajula   16:55
Yeah, before I say any candidate, can we change the results for order?

Prasad Kadrikar   17:00
If there is a...

Naresh Godera   17:00
And.

Usha Rani Gajula   17:01
I mean, can we change the reason for order of the problem?

Prasad Kadrikar   17:04
That's what we're saying, right? So if the timesheet is there, they cannot change the reason.

Usha Rani Gajula   17:11
OK, in the user.

Prasad Kadrikar   17:11
If there is a time shift.
Hmm.

Naresh Godera   17:14
Yeah.
I think what I think Pusha is saying, like a candidate, once the candidate is selected, then only we'll create the timesheet represent. So is that candidate is mandatory?

Prasad Kadrikar   17:25
No, I, I, yeah, I think when creating a bonus order, we should have a, we should have a candidate, a candidate without candidate, they cannot, yeah, it's a required, they cannot create a bonus order for a without a candidate.

Naresh Godera   17:28
Beam.
Yeah, can it is a required, right? Yeah.
Yeah, then in that case, like a candidate is required and reason for order is required. So once they at the time of order creates itself, create order itself, time sheet will create. So yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   17:47
Yes.

Naresh Godera   17:52
Yeah.
Good right, Alyssa. Thank you. Anything.

Usha Rani Gajula   17:56
Yes, like one thing, so here after creation of order, we have these many reasons or orders, right?

Prasad Kadrikar   18:05
Today.

Usha Rani Gajula   18:06
So, can we change all this? I mean, that that that what I'm asking, because we...

Prasad Kadrikar   18:10
It will not show up. It will not show up. So it is cascading. So when, so the order by also, reason for order also, we should move little up next to the order type. Yeah, like right, yeah, priority. So above the order by, so just one thing, yeah, because the status is already there, we need to change it. We need to put the reason also next to it.

Usha Rani Gajula   18:22
Okay.
Two 6.
Mm.
What?
OK, so we need to remove all the these many reasons.

Naresh Godera   18:33
And, can you click on that one once? Yeah, we don't want to, we, we, right, correct, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Prasad Kadrikar   18:36
Yes, so this will not be available. This will not be available. Let me finish, Naresh. I am talking it. So what should happen is, there is a regular order, right? Normal. So these all options are available for normal order.

Usha Rani Gajula   18:42
De.
Yeah.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   18:51
Okay, these all options are available. If in the dropdown status I have temp order or normal, then these options will show up. If I select the bonus order, which is going to be in the future, is going to be temp order.

Usha Rani Gajula   18:52
Yeah.
Okay.
Mm.
Yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   19:05
Okay, if it is a temp order, then the other five options will show up going forward. That is bonus.

Usha Rani Gajula   19:06
Okay.
The.

Prasad Kadrikar   19:15
Okay, these all will not show up. This will not show up. Okay, so when that happens, the bonus, premium pay, pay adjustment, bill adjustment, referral bonus. So these four options, five options will show in the status.

Usha Rani Gajula   19:17
Okay.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   19:29
Okay, so sorry, not status by the reason for order. So yes, it's not all orders. It cannot show it.

Usha Rani Gajula   19:30
Okay.
Reason for order, wow.

Prasad Kadrikar   19:37
OK, so only the two options will show up.

Usha Rani Gajula   19:43
Button border and referral bonus.

Prasad Kadrikar   19:47
Right now, we are making changes only to the temp order.

Usha Rani Gajula   19:50
OK, but important we need to show only 55 items.

Prasad Kadrikar   19:51
Okay, for tomorrow, correct. For Thursday's release, if I select temp order, the only option that is available is bonus.

Usha Rani Gajula   19:58
Yeah.
Ten bonus, okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:02
Okay, temp bonus is the only thing that is available in the reason for order dropdown.

Usha Rani Gajula   20:05
Liz.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:08
Okay, next, the week of 524 or whatever, 528, when we are deploying them, at that time, we will add four more options, which is referral bonus, premium pay, pay adjustment, and bill adjustment.

Usha Rani Gajula   20:09
Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:25
Okay, so then we'll do two things. One is hide the referral bonus option. Second thing is in the order reason, we'll add four more options.

Usha Rani Gajula   20:33
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:35
Okay, that's when we release on 28th, right? It's going to be a phased approach.

Usha Rani Gajula   20:35
Got it, Kristine.
Right, OK.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:39
And one thing is, when we release that, we should hide the other status, which is the referral bonus. We are not going to use the referral bonus anymore. We are merging referral bonus into the bonus itself directly.

Usha Rani Gajula   20:53
OK, we will hide the reason for order here itself.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:56
Got it.

Usha Rani Gajula   20:57
Yes, Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   20:58
No, no, status, status. In the status right now, we have a referral bonus status. Okay, so that referral bonus will be hidden. And in the reason for order, we will move, we will also add the referral bonus. So that way, both when I'm creating, if I want to create a referral bonus going forward,

Usha Rani Gajula   21:03
Yes, yes.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   21:17
and directly create using the bonus zone. Yeah, temp border only, exactly.

Usha Rani Gajula   21:17
Yes.
Temp order.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   21:25
Okay, so yeah, editing is not possible. Order also, when I'm creating a bonus order, I need a candidate. Without a candidate, I should not be able to create the order.

Usha Rani Gajula   21:25
Yeah.
Yeah, right now we can able to create an order without a candidate. After after after placing of order, we can extend the candidate.

Prasad Kadrikar   21:42
Mm.
No, it is not possible.
Okay, then, I mean, if that is the feature, let's keep it that way. But the timesheet has to be created and the user can change the reason for order until a timesheet is there. The logic is still the same.

Usha Rani Gajula   21:49
Bye.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   22:01
Okay, the logic has to be there. The timesheet has to be there. Timesheet until the timesheet is not there, they cannot change it. Once the timesheet is there, they cannot change it.

Usha Rani Gajula   22:08
Okay.
OK, but.

Prasad Kadrikar   22:12
Alright.
So maybe that is a problem. Sometimes we get a message that timesheet is not getting generated alert, right? Maybe that is because of that. A user is creating the order without the candidate and then going and assigning the candidate. Or they are changing the number of requirements into two and then assigning multiple candidates.
Let's find this scenario.

Usha Rani Gajula   22:39
Okay, listening.

Prasad Kadrikar   22:40
Okay, so we are receiving we are receiving an alert every now and then and the users also complain that the timesheet is not automatically getting created.

Usha Rani Gajula   22:41
****.

Prasad Kadrikar   22:50
Okay, when we try to, when maybe it is because of this scenario that the user is creating the order 1st and then attaching the candidate. While we attach, maybe the timesheet is not getting created. Or the second case is there is already a candidate, they extend, they edit the number of times to two and then attach one more candidate because the pay is the same.

Usha Rani Gajula   22:50
That's fun.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   23:12
OK, let's try this scenario if you, yeah, if if that scenario is, yeah, OK.

Usha Rani Gajula   23:12
Yeah, we'll check that scenario. Yeah, sure.

Prasad Kadrikar   23:19
No.

Naresh Godera   23:21
I think Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   23:21
As we are discussing, as we are discussing this, I wanted to close that loop. We cannot have the candidates schedule and order schedule mismatch.
We need to pick that item and I need to close it. It was a very bad day on Friday. I had to fight with Anne Marie and eventually it is our mistake.
This is what is happening. This is what is a problem for me. I try to defend and then I get slap on my face.
I fought with her, like, why is your only division that has this issue? You know, because all the other divisions have the does not have any problem, and then the issue was on the on the messaging that we are just showing the conflict, but the problem is that it's technically this is also a user issue.
The user entered the availability from 3 to 10, but the order is 1230.
So we need to correct this. I cannot continuously go and say it could be because of that. We should turn off that sync. We should turn off that sync, and then we should make sure the order schedule and the candidate schedule matches.

Naresh Godera   24:40
Yeah, but...

Prasad Kadrikar   24:41
Okay, and then for the testing, test cases, you should use the middle of a week scenarios. Okay, I'll give you 3 scenarios. One, the candidate is assigned to a long-term order. And then because the candidate is assigned to a long-term order and you have a replacement, let's say I replaced
replaced one or two days, the candidate availability should get updated and it should not say, it should go back to the EWA, whatever the EWA messaging is. So if the cans get off EWA is null, then that day will go back to null.
Okay, again, I'm repeating, whoever will be testing this.

Naresh Godera   25:25
Show me the.

Prasad Kadrikar   25:26
Yeah, so whoever will be testing this, they create a two-week order or a three-week order. Once you have a two-week or three-week order, if I'm replacing one day with one candidate, then the schedule can sched should get, we should get whatever the value from the...
what are the value from the canned sched of EWA. If the user entered the availability, whatever the availability which is there, it will get replaced. If the availability is not there, it was null, then we should keep it as null. So that is 1 test case. Second test case is there is a, there are, there are.
There is a two-week order. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday for two weeks. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, two weeks. Okay, Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. These are the three days there is a candidate is on an order. Now, I have also an order for...
Tuesday and Friday.
The 1st order is Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. The 2nd order is Tuesday and Friday. If the order is for Tuesday and Friday, and I remove Tuesday and Friday out of the order, like if I unassign the candidate for Tuesday and Friday, then the candidate schedule should also get updated. Similarly, if I reduce...
the order start date and end date, then also the candidate schedule should get updated. This is a second scenario.
Okay, then third simple, not simple. This is where I believe there is problems. When I have an order for, I have multiple orders. Okay, I have an order for Monday, Tuesday for the same week. And I also have an order for Wednesday, Thursday. And then also I have an order for Friday.
Okay, so this is in a week, the candidate has multiple orders.
So if I remove the candidate from one of the orders, if I remove the candidate from one of the orders, then two, the schedule should automatically get updated. This is the major one that I believe that is creating the issue. Again, the reason we want to do it is because we now have control. Previously, we had 1.0, 2.0, this and that.
But now we only have one. We know where all the schedule is getting updated. The schedule is getting updated when I try to edit the schedule, single schedule, multi-schedule, or whatever those schedule, three tabs we have it. That's when the candidate schedule is getting updated. Second thing is when I am removing a candidate from the order. Third thing is when I stop the candidate, stop the order.
Sorry, 4th, this is third one. And then the 4th one is when I try to remove, replace, and cancel the shifts. That is on the PWA. So these are only the four places where the schedule of the order is getting updated. Because the schedule is getting updated, the order also, the candidate schedule should also be in sync.
in these three places, in this, yeah, three, four places.
We cannot have issues in this. Let's target for 528, this one. I'm giving more time because the test cases, I want to make sure we are, I don't want to spend any more time on this. Once the schedule is done, we have to get it done, knock it off. That's it.
I'll hold on, I'll work with the users to hold it back, but we cannot keep on making these issues on that.

Naresh Godera   28:56
Sure.

Usha Rani Gajula   28:58
Sorry.

Prasad Kadrikar   29:04
So, Suresh and Chaitanya are also off today.

Bhargavi Panga   29:12
Is Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   29:14
Okay.

Srikanth Malla   29:16
Christmas.

Naresh Godera   29:19
Ohh.
What's the higher questions?

Prasad Kadrikar   29:25
Yeah.

Naresh Godera   29:27
Sally.

Prasad Kadrikar   29:28
Yeah, go ahead. I think I'm done with the discussion, but we need to...

Naresh Godera   29:32
Yeah, as part of this is like a the bonus, right? So like one question, the candidate assignment is was single or they can they can select multiple as well for the same order?

Prasad Kadrikar   29:44
Yeah, well, we are not changing anything in that in that aspect.

Naresh Godera   29:47
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   29:48
99% of the cases it will be only one order, but in few cases as for the school professionals and others, they can have multiple.
And it's the same.

Naresh Godera   29:58
OK, sure.
And I'm not saying, as I said, I want to discuss some.

Prasad Kadrikar   30:02
The.
Mm.
M.

Naresh Godera   30:13
One second.

Prasad Kadrikar   30:15
Yeah, that also Naresh. I'm very upset. I did not expect this from you. Like on the order list, you just joined with the name. How could you do that? It is the same thing that you did in the 1.2. That's what it is happening in the front end as well, right?

Naresh Godera   30:37
Without respect.

Prasad Kadrikar   30:39
M.

Naresh Godera   30:39
It's.

Prasad Kadrikar   30:54
Yeah.

Naresh Godera   30:57
So, yeah, you're saying like a username is a problem, or yeah?

Prasad Kadrikar   30:59
Yeah.
Yeah, you can also getting populated the same, and then what else is different here? I did not find anything different. How are, how are...

Naresh Godera   31:08
For user ID, one is the for user ID is the passing same and the user ID is passing same.
One sec.
If it is user ID is null and we are passing user ID is a current logging user ID and for the user ID is 0.
For user ID serial, so if it is a selected individual, we are sending username is the name and of user ID and for user ID, both are both will be the same.

Prasad Kadrikar   31:53
So for the aggregate, again, this is the scale, Anastasia, Dash or Dash all.

Naresh Godera   31:58
Right, but also it's correct.

Prasad Kadrikar   32:01
So for all sales also, I saw the same. The name was also getting past the same.
Did you check that again? I saw the username you are saying it has all I'm talking about.
AM.

Naresh Godera   32:36
Hey, I'm logging with my user.

Prasad Kadrikar   32:40
Hmm.

Naresh Godera   32:41
So.
I.
Ch.
Okay.
To.
You.
Yeah, we have only one, right? Like, and as I said, right?

Prasad Kadrikar   33:23
Hmm, as I said, all accounts, so if I select that and do the search.
That's one now, let's go to the, let's say anastasia, no, no, no, anastasia.

Naresh Godera   33:39
On.
P.
Oh, a dot.

Prasad Kadrikar   33:48
So, T, scroll down.
Right, so Anastasia, TP, HC. Yeah, let's pick up HC or TP, whichever it is, doesn't matter.

Naresh Godera   33:54
Vasiliou.
It's.
Lomnitz.

Prasad Kadrikar   34:02
Now look at this one.
What is the difference? Because both were being the same.

Naresh Godera   34:06
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   34:10
13, 13, 25 prior week, prior week, EC cold.

Naresh Godera   34:13
User ID is a set different, but a user ID is this is a selected user ID, this is a logged user ID.

Prasad Kadrikar   34:17
Yeah, that's what it could do, yeah.
For user ID also.
So the user ID is supposed to be the logged in user ID and the fur user ID is supposed to be the whoever the logged in is.

Naresh Godera   34:36
Celebrity.

Prasad Kadrikar   34:37
Hmm, so I have to use it already.
That's what the name is also the same. That's what I was wondering, like why is it?
Okay, one thing that I see is type and that's what distinguishes it. And as it yesterday. So the type is 3 for one and the type is 1 for the other.
And that's why it is working, I guess.
Okay, so the user ID is supposed to be the logged in user ID 1197. That is supposed to be the no 1997 because I you're logged in as me. I should be the only one that should see like that is.

Naresh Godera   35:30
One, yeah, one double and so here it should be login user ID and for user ID is selected user ID, yeah, correct.

Prasad Kadrikar   35:35
Correct, and then the name as well, username, it shows a thrasher to a TP, a thrasher head C. It's supposed to be a thrasher school professional, like whatever the value that is selected.

Naresh Godera   35:45
Here it should selected say second. I think we selected the same level.

Prasad Kadrikar   35:46
Yeah.
Yes, I did that.

Naresh Godera   35:56
I love the kids.
Yeah.
P.

Prasad Kadrikar   36:15
And then that order list too, we need to fix that soon.

Naresh Godera   36:20
I.

Prasad Kadrikar   36:23
We reverted the change, but...

Naresh Godera   36:23
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, the change are going for like verification.

Prasad Kadrikar   36:28
Mm.
Okay.
Yeah, Vivek, let's talk about restore. So, the login, again, it go, I knew, like, Girish is off.

Vivek Lakshmanan   36:37
Yeah.
And.

Prasad Kadrikar   36:50
So the question is, that depends on what it is. So right now, I think the portals, the logins and everything, we're supposed to check if the token is valid or not.

Vivek Lakshmanan   37:02
S.

Prasad Kadrikar   37:04
Okay, so let's say I have a token already. Okay, so that token, yes, the expiry date is the first one. And the second thing is we also need to make a call to the back end and see if the token is still valid. Right now what we are doing is.

Vivek Lakshmanan   37:05
Okay.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   37:25
for the web portals, I guess maybe Amul or somebody can confirm. We check that, okay, if there is a token, directly redirect to the dashboard. And on the dashboard, when we make a call to the API, that's when it determines. And if we get an authentication error, it redirects to the login page. That's how it is implemented in the web.
Right now.

Vivek Lakshmanan   37:47
OK, Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   37:47
Correct, Naresh and Namol.

Amol Ramachandra Gaikwad   37:51
Yeah, Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   37:53
So we are not checking if the token is valid or not, if the token is already available, right?

Amol Ramachandra Gaikwad   37:59
Yeah, right.

Prasad Kadrikar   38:00
Okay, so we should do that one first. So we need to make sure the token is valid, rather than going to the dashboard and coming back from there, because any user is directly taken to the login screen. On the login screen, we are validating if the token is valid or not.

Vivek Lakshmanan   38:13
Kit.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   38:19
And then on the top.

Vivek Lakshmanan   38:20
Prasad the.
Yeah, the issue is the token that we are getting right. Inside the token, the validity is there. It is for one year.

Prasad Kadrikar   38:25
M.
That's what is going to change, right? They're going to change it to one week, not going to be one year.

Vivek Lakshmanan   38:35
Okay, okay, okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   38:37
Okay, it's not going to be one year for sure. It's going to be one week. The other question that I also had was, can we increase, can we do a refresh?

Amol Ramachandra Gaikwad   38:40
The.

Prasad Kadrikar   38:49
OK, by that, what I mean is, if a user is if the user is logged in and the token is valid for one one week, now within one week, if they log in again, it extends.
The token expiry extends to one more week, so that way, if the user is constantly logged in, the token doesn't get expired, but if the user log if the user logs in.

Vivek Lakshmanan   39:11
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   39:23
But if the user does not log in in a week, then it expires, which is valid.

Vivek Lakshmanan   39:29
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   39:30
OK, so.

Vivek Lakshmanan   39:30
So then, what is the purpose of that X-pay in key in that login response?

Prasad Kadrikar   39:34
Yeah, that's also see, that's how that is also validity. So let's say if the token expiry in the, this is how usually the JWT tokens work. It returns the expiry and we also check for the in the front end. So let's say the token is going to expire.
The token expiry is today and some user logs in today. So in the front end itself, you are able to validate it. Okay, the token is expired. Now, as a second measure, you're going to send it, you're going to redirect directly to the login screen because the token is expired.
Okay, so if the token is not expired, then what the system does is in other systems, it will automatically get a refresh token. So refresh token is nothing but it extends the expiry date.

Vivek Lakshmanan   40:10
Okay.
Okay. Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   40:24
Okay, so that's how in general JWD tokens is supposed to work, but I don't know if that is how it is implemented. I recommended Girish to verify it. So he's off, so maybe we have to wait for one more day. But the point is that we should, when the expiry date comes in, we should...
Right now, let's not check about it. We just pass it to the backend and make sure the token is valid.
Okay, on the login screen, on the login screen, if a user on the login screen, we should have an endpoint. Let's say the user is logged in already. You take that token and then pass it to the API. And the API determines if the token is valid or not.

Vivek Lakshmanan   40:52
Okay.
Okay, yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   41:08
Okay, so let's that way the checking is all on the API and if at all anything needed, we don't have to make a release or anything.

Vivek Lakshmanan   41:21
Okay, yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   41:21
Okay, that's what the whole point is. We don't want to have releases for the chain. Like if I want to extend or something that needs to be done, because authentication is very important. For whatever reason, if I have to log out everyone or do something, I can manage through the API in the back end.

Vivek Lakshmanan   41:25
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   41:41
Okay.

Vivek Lakshmanan   41:42
Understood Prasad, but my doubt was, anyways, we just want to run that API and that API needs to get the 401 to make them log out. Instead of priorly, I check and make them log out, right?

Prasad Kadrikar   41:54
Yeah, yeah, let the API return it.

Vivek Lakshmanan   41:56
OK, got it, Kristine.

Prasad Kadrikar   41:57
OK, let the API return it. You don't do any checks on your side. Let the API determine if you need if the token is valid or not.

Vivek Lakshmanan   42:05
OK, Prasad, yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   42:07
OK.

Vivek Lakshmanan   42:08
Thank you.

Prasad Kadrikar   42:09
Yeah.

Bhargavi Panga   42:14
I press.

Prasad Kadrikar   42:15
Yeah.

Bhargavi Panga   42:27
Hello?

Prasad Kadrikar   42:28
Yeah, go ahead, go ahead.

Bhargavi Panga   42:28
Yeah.
In most tab character limit is showing 16,000 in same as applicant, we have 8,000, so it should be consistency.

Prasad Kadrikar   42:44
Right, so one thing is that client nodes.
There are five, 6 nodes, right? Client, candidates, order, applicant.

Bhargavi Panga   42:50
Yeah.
It is.
Go.

Prasad Kadrikar   42:56
Okay, so we need to check the lengths of it. So if the length is maximum, maximum NVACAR max for all these things, then I know for sure clients is, I think it's 8,000. Okay, so in the, or 3,000, something like that. So we can keep the client nodes as the same.

Bhargavi Panga   43:00
Thank you.
And.
But.
No.

Prasad Kadrikar   43:17
But on the candidate notes or the applicant notes, we need to see what the limit is and then make the changes accordingly.

Bhargavi Panga   43:17
I don't so many.
Three.
They kept those in.

Prasad Kadrikar   43:28
No, no, on the candidate notes too, what is the limit? Because we are saying it is 800.

Bhargavi Panga   43:32
Sixteen 1000.

Prasad Kadrikar   43:37
Okay, then on the applicant side too, we need to check how much is the limit in the back end.

Bhargavi Panga   43:41
Eight 1000, 8000.

Prasad Kadrikar   43:43
No, no, in the back end, back end, back end, back end, back end in the database, we need to see how much is that, because if the if the column is not able to accommodate that many number of...
If the column is not able to accommodate that many number of that length, then it there is no purpose of like providing the limit, right?

Bhargavi Panga   44:05
Yes.

Prasad Kadrikar   44:07
So first we need to check in the back end. What is the limit?

Bhargavi Panga   44:07
Sleep one.
That was.
Thank you, Prasad.

Prasad Kadrikar   44:21
And again, tomorrow I'm not be available. I have something that I need to take care. So.
So if you need anything, you need to message me or something because tomorrow I'll not be able to take the call.
And probably Wednesday too, I'll let you know about Wednesday, but at least for tomorrow, I'll not be able to take care. I'll not be able to join unless somebody has something. I'll be driving, I can take a call quickly, but...
Yeah.

Naresh Godera   44:51
Clips.
But.

Prasad Kadrikar   44:55
OK, anything else?

Naresh Godera   44:58
Bing weekly staffing schedule, we are enabling for that specific client, so that I think Alin is.

Prasad Kadrikar   45:02
No, no, what did we decide? Like, is the is the hospital is?

Naresh Godera   45:05
Hospital deal. Yeah, you asked us to verify the PDF is showing the logo or not in the procedures. Are we showing the like hard folded with any values? I think it is configured. So like if we make the changes, the positions will show to the client. So right now what we, the user raised the client, we are counting with the hospital, the same settings.

Prasad Kadrikar   45:12
Mm.
Mm.
Okay.
OK, so the logo and everything will show as regular only in different shows.

Naresh Godera   45:31
Yeah, logo is not showing up, right?

Prasad Kadrikar   45:34
Right, logo is not showing up, but okay.
So there is no ******** logic of the hospitality or anything in that, right?

Naresh Godera   45:38
Naresh, yeah.
Think I will add it.

Shashi Avinash Nadikatla   45:41
There's no hot color on these papers.

Prasad Kadrikar   45:44
OK, there's no hard coding, so we can proceed with that. OK.

Naresh Godera   45:46
Yes, so right now what we are doing, we are making the changes for the specific client and last time what we decided, I mean as we have five different types of RPTs, but you mentioned only two RPTs are using, so if you merge also, all the divisions will have only one, everyone will show
For every divisions will show the position select if that is a like if that is a case like we can make the change. So do you want me to?

Prasad Kadrikar   46:14
That's fine. For now, let's leave it. For now, let's leave it. This is a request. Let's keep it. And we now know that if somebody requests this kind of a change, we'll be able to make it.

Naresh Godera   46:16
Okay.
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   46:24
Okay, let's leave it there, and then, yeah, we'll figure out later.

Naresh Godera   46:29
Sure Prasad, I think. OK, let me check like is the can we make it as a configurable? So in future, if this request can, we can control through the tables.

Prasad Kadrikar   46:30
Yep.
Give you, yeah.

Naresh Godera   46:41
Note, instead of making the changes, so that is also we can.

Prasad Kadrikar   46:42
Yeah, yeah, for sure. Eventually we'll make that. Yeah, eventually we'll get that. But yeah, no, let's not focus on right now. Let's work because we are making the changes right with this one. Let's go ahead and do that. And then let's move on.

Naresh Godera   46:47
It.
Hey.
Sure, one more thing, one thing like you asked me to create the passwords, like credentials for the application, right? So, all the applications like a, I mean, CWA, CWA, Intel stuff, I think most of the things still are the shared, like APS, we have the dedicated APS, right?

Prasad Kadrikar   46:59
But.
Mm.

Naresh Godera   47:17
So I create an application, all applications will use the same one single credentials and the console applications will use the different credentials. So I will create the two accounts. So, right, maybe that will work.

Prasad Kadrikar   47:19
Beam.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, but.
Or TP API, that's it, tempositions is fine.

Naresh Godera   47:36
OK.
TP API for but what about the console application also will use the TP API or there do I need to create anyone?

Prasad Kadrikar   47:43
Yeah.
Maybe TP Web API, TP Web App, TP Console App.

Naresh Godera   47:54
Okay, TP Web and TP Concern, those are the two, right?

Prasad Kadrikar   47:57
Yeah, yeah, let's create those two and then we can we can update those again. Let's do it. Yeah, let's do it as part of the deployment. I don't want to.

Naresh Godera   48:02
The.
I'll send them.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, we are creating a credentials that's it, and whenever we have a deployment, we are making the changes, yeah, yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   48:12
Right, right, yeah, we create the reference so that next time when the deployment happens, because I wanted to really focus on the on the development now, two two months have passed. I need to, I need to, yeah, I cannot hold back on the users. I need to see the development progresses. I have, yeah, yeah, no, no, I'm not, I'm not what I say.

Naresh Godera   48:15
Yes, yes, yes.
Yeah.
But I mean...
Yeah, only I'm creating the premises. That's it. Yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   48:33
discouraging or do anything negatively. I'm just saying that let's get back. Okay. Let's not take this as a project.

Naresh Godera   48:37
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
No, no.

Prasad Kadrikar   48:41
Okay, let's not take this as a project. Our goals are to get the documents working. We need to get the credit card thing working. I'll discuss today. We need to build a credit card portal for the capturing. And this new portal also gives an option to pay the credit card. So we need to build a screen.

Naresh Godera   48:52
Okay.

Prasad Kadrikar   49:00
for the users, like a shopping cart kind of a screen. So those all have to be built. So let's move on, build those things, and then the API calls and whatnot as we are working through, we need to add more and more validations in the back end.

Naresh Godera   49:19
Sure.

Prasad Kadrikar   49:30
OK, alright.

Naresh Godera   49:32
Sobs.
Hey, if any urgent questions, we'll message you on, but let's check, yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   49:38
Yeah, then message me tomorrow. I'll not be available and Wednesday too. I'll see. I don't know yet. I might go to office a little late, but I'll let you know about Wednesday.

Naresh Godera   49:48
Sure.

Prasad Kadrikar   49:50
Okay.
Ohh.
Alright, I think that's all.

Naresh Godera   49:53
Check.
True. Thank you.

viswapani   49:56
Release the apps once they are, we don't need to right then.

Prasad Kadrikar   50:01
Turn up that.
Yeah, yeah, just let me know again. I don't want to make fuss out of it. It's just normal, as if we are deploying the other things. Last time too, I mentioned the same thing. Just keep me updated so that if somebody tells me that, oh, why is the mobile app getting released, I can let them know.

viswapani   50:07
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
No.
Charu.

Prasad Kadrikar   50:22
Rather than I did not even receive an email last time. So when Jim asked me, I had to I had to wait. So he said, oh, so you don't know what is getting released this time. That's what he said.

viswapani   50:36
Sure, sure. I want to make sure that I'm telling you otherwise we don't want anything like this, yeah.

Prasad Kadrikar   50:40
No, no, last time I mentioned the same thing. Just keep me posted as if we are deploying EWA, we are deploying CWA, we are deploying mobile apps. So if you are not able to mention in the call, send me an email so I can search my email. If somebody asks why are we releasing the apps, then I know, oh, this is how, this is why we are releasing the apps.

viswapani   50:47
Charu.
So, this week, you did.
Two person, no problem. I'm just trying to mention it, sir.

Prasad Kadrikar   51:00
Okay. Yeah, and then the chat, I know Girish is not there, but what is the status? Are we able to put that? When are we able to get that in? Because I want to, I also build a couple more things. Order list also is done.

viswapani   51:07
Sam.

Prasad Kadrikar   51:20
I'll push that one too. So for the order listing.

Naresh Godera   51:22
Shashilip or Durga will answer those questions, is she?

viswapani   51:25
No, tomorrow you'll be available, not we will take from that.

Prasad Kadrikar   51:28
Yeah, so the order list also has to be done. I'll also build one for Flash. Flash also needs to be there. And then, so now what happens is there's going to be client.

viswapani   51:36
Yeah, it's only it's only that we are the bot is simple, we we need, and then it continues the with messaging only, so it is going to answer whatever, so I don't think whatever you develop.

Prasad Kadrikar   51:49
Correct.

viswapani   51:55
This app will be having only two complications. First, you need to continue the conversation. I don't think is anything else need to be modified.

Prasad Kadrikar   51:59
Correct, correct, that's not the.
Exactly. There is only, there are four types that I created in it. There are, one is orders, clients, candidates, applicants, and reports.
So the fifth one which I talked is the report. So in the reports is nothing but order list. So if somebody goes into the order list, expands the, opens up the chat, there you need to pass entity type, entity ID as one, and then entity type as order list.

viswapani   52:36
Thank you.

Prasad Kadrikar   52:36
That's all because in this case, you're not, there's nothing and the user of course, whoever the user is, that user ID also has to be part. That's it. Those are the only three parameters that needs needed because we don't need a GUID and whatnot. Everything else I'll derive from the chat.

viswapani   52:51
Yeah, I think we should finish up this week, or was part before, so...

Prasad Kadrikar   52:51
But the...
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, so if we can get it sooner, I can have something to show and then I can build on top of that. And then we can go from there. Okay. All right.

viswapani   53:06
Yes.
Super.
Thank you.

Prasad Kadrikar stopped transcription